 Frostbite Bailey's (TM)
                     ARCTIC ARCHITECT'S HANDBOOK

                           Activision (R)


The object of the game is to help Frostbite Bailey (TM) build igloos 
by jumping on floating blocks of ice.  Be careful to avoid these 
deadly hazards: clams, snowgeese, Alaskan king crab, grizzly polar 
bears, and the rapidly dropping temperature.


FROSTBITE (TM) BASICS

1. Select game with game select switch.

   Game 1 - Single Player      Game 2 - Two Players

2. The Joystick Controller is held with the red button in the upper
   left position.

   * To move Frostbite Bailey left or right, move Joystick left or
     right.

   * He'll move up when you push the Joystick forward, and move down
     when you pull it back.

   * To reverse the direction of the ice floe [sic] you are standing
     on, press the red button.  But remember, each time you do, your
     igloo will lose a block, unless its completely built.

3. Reserves.  You begin the game with one active Frostbite Bailey
   (TM) and three on reserve.   With each increase of 5,000 points,
   a bonus Frostbite is added to your reserves (up to a maximum of
   nine).

4. Frostbite gets lost each time he falls into the Arctic Sea, gets
   chased away by a Polar Grizzly, or gets caught outside when the
   temperature drops to zero.

(Picture of the game)


IGLOO CONSTRUCTION

Building Codes.  Each time Frostbite Bailey (TM) jumps onto a white 
ice floe, a "block" is added to the igloo.  Once jumped upon, the 
white ice turns blue.  It can still be jumped on, but it won't add 
points to your score or blocks to your igloo.  When all four rows are 
blue, they turn white again.  The igloo is complete when the door 
appears.  Frostbite may then jump into it.

Work Hazards.  Avoid contact with Alaskan King Crabs, snow geese, and 
killer clams, as they will push Frostbite Bailey into the fatal 
Arctic Sea.  The Polar Grizzlies come out of hibernation at level 4 
and, upon contact, will chase Frostbite right off-screen (note: 
actually left off-screen:).


SPECIAL FEATURES OF FROSTBITE

Fresh Fish swim by regularly.  They are Frostbite's only food, and, 
as such, are also additives to your score.  Catch 'em if you can.

Night and Day.  Frostbite works the day shift and the night shift.  
He must build four igloos per shift.

A Magic Fish will appear near your score when you've racked up a 
certain high number of points.  Watch for it!


SCORING

                                                         Points For
Level                   Points per Iceblock            Entering Igloo
---------------------------------------------------------------------
  1                              10                          160
  2                              20                          320
  3                              30                          480
  4                              40                          640
  5                              50                          800
  6                              60                          960
  7                              70                         1120
  8                              80                         1280
  9                              90                         1440

Scoring remains constant after the ninth level.

* Fish are worth 200 points each.

* Also, each degree remaining when Frostbite Bailey (TM) enters his 
igloo will add points to your score as follows:

                     10 * Degree * Level Number

--- Atari 2600 Manual Archive, NGS3 ---
